#1: Bonfires - Allowing players to start bonfires as the clipping for firemaking is currently bugged. Also allows users to avoid clicking. 
 
#2: Creating a Manta / Karambwan fishing location inside donator zone fishing.
 
#3: Mentioned inside the donator benefits guide super donators will have the option to use the command "::bank" but should be sest for 1 minute intervals. 
 
#4: Bandos is currently on steroids while it takes a full inventory of food and constant potting to take down a successful kill. It would be greatly appreciated if he was nerfed just a tiny-wee bit.
 
#5: Bank space is currently a little small as I haven't started combat yet and just from skilling supplies I'm already exceeding the bank limit, possibly increase by +100?
 
#6: Creating a bullet item that indicates how long a player has been active on the account.
 
#7: While training a stat that is Skill-point compatible you are currently being spammed your total. Possibly reducing the instance to announce when every 1,000 skill points has been achieved.

These issues have been reported in chat by players:
 


Dragon chain is unwearable
Black shield (h) equips into helm slot
Many gate entrances do not work
Yanille bank booths can't be accessed
Multiple banks are inaccessible
Most (nearly all?) items have no Prayer bonuses
Longrange (range & defence) doesn't give defence experience
House Agent needs fixed/redone (cool concept, btw)
Ranged is far too superior compared to Melee & Magic
February 23, 2017
 Oldman ral(for jars fo dirt scale exchange)
Players playing Ironman who have donated can not use ::yell 
Ruby bolts (e) can't be used with rune c'bow
February 24, 2017
Players are still unable to attack the Kraken
"You can not attack this npc."
Lava dragons forced a player off the map (underground)
Finishing a potion doesn't give skilling points but instead spams current amount of skill points in the chat
Druid's circle (easy) clue: Leather boots need to be HAM boots (says i'm not wearing the correct items)
Demonic gorillas stop aggro forcing players to re-teleport
Demonic gorilla zone walls can be clipped through
February 25, 2017
Duel Arena - Chat doesn't display inside the arena
Duel Arena - Bank chests can't be used for banking
Pest Control - Issue(s) with gates not opening properly
Pest Control - Portals are still unattackable
Ring of Suffering equips into the necklace slot
Tormented bracelet equips into the necklace slot
Items Kept on Death need looked at asap (Ex: food protects over DFS)
Dragon thrownaxes can't be used (was told they act as a d scim)
Players STILL can't use training arrows
::players interface shows 'Mayhem's Active Players (19)' when quest tab shows Online Players: 10
Support Staff (myself) still has Beta rank rather than Support rank icon when viewing ::players
Ultimate Ironman icon is Support Staff when viewing ::players
 
1: Heavy ballista super slow (movement or firing) and no spec.
2: Remove defence requirement for gilded armour.
3: Fix farming not producing herbs.
4: Korasi changed to a one handed weapon. is currently a 2h weapon.
5: Fix the rune pouches.
6: Weapon poison not working.
7: Make zulrah drops worth gp. (coconuts, snakeskin, grapes).
8: Add 2x exp for an hour into the voting store rewards.
9: Lizard shamen broken.
10: Well of good will. (X) amount of gp for 1 hour of 2x exp. To counter the zulrah GP increase.
11: Increase the amount items sell for into the general store.
12: A globel well of fortune. 100m gp target to give the server 2-3x exp for an hour.
13: Zulrah totems, (require 50k scales to fill).